README.md, before:

# Bagel
 Scripts for ingesting data & producing MARC21 records for BPL Board Game Library

## Submission data

 Submission data is collected in [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z8kWlHZXbnzP7OQWK3nLy7DEdxedPv2pW2pYodh6_dY/edit#gid=1152172600).

## Setup
 This project requires Python 3.12.
 1. Clone repository
 2. Navigate to project directory in terminal (examples assume commands are run in bash)
    * `cd Bagel`
 3. Create virtual environment
    * `python -m venv .venv` 
 4. Activate new virtual environment
    * `source ./.venv/scripts/activate`
 5. Install dependencies
    * `pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Steps
0. Review submitted descriptions in data submission sheet
1. Mark new rows in the data submission sheet for processing (status "awaiting")
2. Note the last control # in the sheet
3. Navigate to the project directory in terminal
    * `cd github/Bagel`
4. Activate project's virtual environment
    * `source ./.venv/scripts/activate`
5. Run the following Python command in terminal (the next control # in the example is 20)
    * `python run.py 20`
6. Review and validate records in MarcEdit
7. Import records into Sierra 
    * Open the Data Exchange module and select "Load Records via Local Profiles (local)" from the drop down menu
    * Upload records using the "Get PC" option, select the `.mrc` file you just created and `.lfts` as the accepted suffix for the records
    * Find the file you just uploaded and click "Prep"
    * A new file with the same filename and the suffix `.lmarc` should now be in the file list. Select that file and click "Load"
    * Select "(I) Load Overload New (insert or overlay) MARC file"
    * Run a test to ensure the records do not contain and errors and then click "Load"
8.  Mark processed rows as "completed"
9.  Add loaded dates, new control #s and Sierra bib IDs to sheet

Commit message:

added instructions on how to install using poetry

README.md, after:

# Bagel
 Scripts for ingesting data & producing MARC21 records for BPL Board Game Library

## Submission data

 Submission data is collected in [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z8kWlHZXbnzP7OQWK3nLy7DEdxedPv2pW2pYodh6_dY/edit#gid=1152172600).

## Setup
 This project requires Python 3.12.

 #### Install using pip
 1. Clone repository
 2. Navigate to project directory in terminal (examples assume commands are run in bash)
    * `cd Bagel`
 3. Create virtual environment
    * `python -m venv .venv` 
 4. Activate new virtual environment
    * `source ./.venv/scripts/activate`
 5. Install dependencies
    * `pip install -r requirements.txt`

 #### Install using poetry
 1. Clone repository
 2. Navigate to project directory in terminal (examples assume commands are run in bash)
    * `cd Bagel`
 3. Create virtual environment and install dependencies
    * `poetry install`

## Steps
0. Review submitted descriptions in data submission sheet
1. Mark new rows in the data submission sheet for processing (status "awaiting")
2. Note the last control # in the sheet
3. Navigate to the project directory in terminal
    * `cd github/Bagel`
4. Activate project's virtual environment
    * `source ./.venv/scripts/activate`
5. Run the following Python command in terminal (the next control # in the example is 20)
    * `python run.py 20`
6. Review and validate records in MarcEdit
7. Import records into Sierra 
    * Open the Data Exchange module and select "Load Records via Local Profiles (local)" from the drop down menu
    * Upload records using the "Get PC" option, select the `.mrc` file you just created and `.lfts` as the accepted suffix for the records
    * Find the file you just uploaded and click "Prep"
    * A new file with the same filename and the suffix `.lmarc` should now be in the file list. Select that file and click "Load"
    * Select "(I) Load Overload New (insert or overlay) MARC file"
    * Run a test to ensure the records do not contain and errors and then click "Load"
8.  Mark processed rows as "completed"
9.  Add loaded dates, new control #s and Sierra bib IDs to sheet
